[1.1.1.1] Update network-operators.mdx (#17031)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/1.1.1.1/setup/index.mdx

import { Details, DirectoryListing, Render } from "~/components"

By default, the [DNS server](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/what-is-dns/) your devices use is provided by your Internet service provider (ISP). Some [ISPs and network equipment providers](/1.1.1.1/infrastructure/network-operators/) partner with Cloudflare to add safer browsing to their offerings.

> If your providers are currently not using Cloudflare, you can change the DNS settings in your device or router, as explained below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your providers are not currently using Cloudflare, you can change the DNS settings on your device or router as detailed in the following instructions.
```
